okay so this is just going to be a
commentary or I'm gonna talk through
this so that you get my point of view
and everything okay so I went outside
here and I what had happened is I went
out on the porch every night I look out
on the porch I go out there and I look
to see if I can see anything at all and
so I went out on the porch and most
nights I see nothing okay I looked
several times a night I check and
tonight I saw something so I ran down to
my room I grabbed the camera as I
grabbed the night vision because it was
on the tripod so I didn't use the new
one but yeah there would have been no
point cuz I wouldn't have seen anything
anyway so I grabbed the night vision I
ran all the way back out and started
filming I called out to it but nothing
it didn't didn't respond obviously I
don't know it didn't have it I didn't
flash its the laser at me at all so I
walked down there I had a torch if you
notice I'm flashing the torch so I was
flashing the light I had a more powerful
torch this time so I walked down there
and I was just kind of searching around
looking through the grass as you can see
there's like a few spots in the grass
where you can like is there's a few
there's one in front of me at the moment
and there's also one on the left and one
on the right so I was looking down there
and he bang and it I don't know
I just got pulled I feel like nothing
grabbing me at all but I just get pulled
when I once I was down there I start
struggling and I get up and it grabs my
shirt comes from the left and it grabs
my shirt and I pull away and it rips my
shirt open as I run then I run to the
right of the grass I then turn I see the
house lights and I just run towards it
faster
can run all the way up the hill or
through the grass and just just to the
house the whole time I was down there I
didn't see it Felipe's they had no
toilets I dropped the torch you see go
flying actually in the video I kind of I
lose it I dropped the torch and yeah I
was just running kind of